setup doc updates (#39276)
code-dot-org/code-dot-org: SETUP.md

   1. Some functionality will not work on your local site without this, for example, some project-backed level types such as https://studio.code.org/projects/gamelab. This setup is only available to Code.org engineers for now, but it is recommended for Code.org engineers.
1. Run the website `bin/dashboard-server`
1. Visit http://localhost-studio.code.org:3000/ to verify it is running.

> 1. Install necessary plugins described in the 'Editor configuration' section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install necessary plugins described in the [Editor configuration](#editor-configuration) section below.
```

Reviewer: I think this will use a an anchor link instead.
